around 2: a.m. hundreds of Israeli
soldiers entered Janine refugee camp
they fought their way in and in the
ensuing firefight many Palestinians were
injured but instead of arresting
Palestinians in the camp they bulldozed
symbols of resistance to Israel's
occupation of Palestinian
territory its gate was destroyed itself
a monument to resistance a statue of a
horse another
symbol a heavily armored bulldozer also
threatened the entrance of the local
hospital as it was taking in victims
the raids and the war on Gaza have
hardened attitudes in the camp one man
tells us he can't stop his family
members from fighting
back when you see the de Palestinians
and the tragedies unfolding in Gaza
what's left how do you stop people from
fighting back our hearts are not made of
steel this is an unusual tactic by the
Israelis normally this size of raid is
designed to capture or kill Palestinian
fighters in the camp and it wasn't the
only raid this is now standard for
Israeli forces multiple raids over
multiple locations in the occupied West
Bank at the same time Janine was being
raided the Israeli Army entered silwad
north of ramala and arrested people they
then entered the Hamid household far
Hamid was convicted in 2003 and was
serving seven life sentences when he was
released in 2011 as part of a prisoner
swap deal with Israel he was expelled to
Gaza his family has had little contact
with him since then and no contact since
October the 7th the Army drilled holes
in the wall they're checking the width
of the concrete so if and when they come
back to demolish the house they know
exactly what equipment to bring they
demolished this one in 2003 and the
family rebuilt it it's a nightmare come
true for
them we're scared they'll demolish the
house knowing we're not linked to
anything Farah was punished he spent
jail time and they already demolished
the house so why demolish it
again while the raid was over in a few
hours the aftermath will last a lot
longer the demolition of this house and
others is known as collective punishment
against Palestinian families it's been
criticized by Israeli human rights
groups Palestinian human rights groups
and the United Nations but Israel uses
it as a deterrence it says if it
destroys people houses Palestinians will
think twice about allowing family
members to take part in any kind of
resistance the occupation Imran Khan Al
jazer silwad
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer